Add a few notes about building tower execution environments (#372)
pulibrary/pul-it-handbook: services/tower.md

  * Authenticate to registry.redhat.io.  If you have sufficient privileges, you can access the authentication details for a service account from https://access.redhat.com/terms-based-registry/
  * Authenticate to quay.io. For easy authN, create a ~/.config/containers/auth.json file with the top level items ‘auths’ and an entry for each container registry you want to use. Each entry contains a key/value pair: the key is “auth” and the value is the output of “echo -n ‘username:password’ | openssl base64”. See [this PR](https://github.com/containers/image/pull/821/files) and [this superuser post](https://superuser.com/questions/120796/how-to-encode-base64-via-command-line) for more details. To authenticate from the command line: ``podman login quay.io``
  * Open the princeton_ansible repo and change into the tower_ees directory: ``cd tower_ees``
  * Create or Edit an EE definition file as needed: ``vim my-execution-environment.yml``
  * Run podman-desktop.
  * Run [ansible-builder](https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/builder/en/stable/index.html): ``ansible-builder build -v3 -f my-execution-environment.yml -t <TagOrNameOfEE> --squash all``

>       * On an ARM machine, you may instead `cd context && podman manifest create execution-environment-manifest && cd .. && podman build --platform linux/amd64,linux/arm64  --manifest execution-environment-manifest -f context/Containerfile -t core2dot15:1.3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * On an M-series (ARM) machine, you may instead `cd context && podman manifest create execution-environment-manifest && cd .. && podman build --platform linux/amd64  --manifest execution-environment-manifest -f context/Containerfile -t core2dot15:1.3`
```

Author: Whoops, sorry for the copy/pasta.
